Zhu Yide
Without the hundreds of years of Su family heritage to support you
What the hell are you?
OK
We'll see won't we.
Brother Chen
You just said that you want Yuan Ruoxue to be your woman
I only love you
Other women, I'm just playing
But you also said that you want Qin Mengyao to be your woman
I don't mean anything else.
I'm just afraid you don't want me.
How could I not want you?
Trust me I only love you
But Qin Muyao's father was a pioneer
If you get Qin Muyao's help
I will feel at ease in Jinling
That's no but
I won't lie to you.
I only love you
I booked a room at a hotel tonight
Don't go home
Kill you although you are very good looking
But with
Yan Ruoxue and Qin Mengyao
Compared to the best beauty
Still not far
You can play
I want to be as beautiful as my wife thinks
Mr. Qin, I am happy to serve you.
If you have anything, please call and contact me at any time.
Just wait for Mr. Qin to take the bait